feat: ForumChannel default_reaction_emoji attribute (#2178)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- `Guild.create_forum_channel` new parameter and `ForumChannel` new attribute:
  `default_reaction_emoji`.

>   ([#2178](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2178))

Reviewer: Entries should be added in chronological order.

- Added `suppress` and `allowed_mentions` parameters to `Webhook` and
  `InteractionResponse` edit methods.
  ([#2138](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2138))

> - Added `default_reaction_emoji` parameter to `Guild.create_forum_channel()` and
>   `ForumChannel.edit()` methods.
>   ([#2178](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2178))
> - Added `ForumChannel.default_reaction_emoji` attribute.
>   ([#2178](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2178))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added `ForumChannel.default_reaction_emoji` attribute.
  ([#2178](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2178))
- Added `default_reaction_emoji` parameter to `Guild.create_forum_channel()` and
  `ForumChannel.edit()` methods.
  ([#2178](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2178))
```

- Added `suppress` and `allowed_mentions` parameters to `Webhook` and
  `InteractionResponse` edit methods.
  ([#2138](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2138))

> - Added `Guild.create_forum_channel` parameter and `ForumChannel` attribute:
>   `default_reaction_emoji`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `default_reaction_emoji` parameter to `Guild.create_forum_channel()`, `ForumChannel.create_forum_channel()`, and
`ForumChannel.edit_forum_channel()` functions:
```

Reviewer: Probably also add a separate changelog entry about the `default_reaction_emoji` attribute.
